PATCHNOTES.md, before:

**DISCLAIMER!!!**
- Default HUD settings now differ GREATLY as of this update, I recommend reverting to default through the HUD Editor, or at the very least, resetting all of your 'offset' settings due to the new HUD edge bound settings.

**>GAMEPLAY**
*NEW SETTINGS*
- HUD Edge Bounds X
- HUD Edge Bounds Y
- Damage Indicator toggle
- Damage Indicator color
- Damage indicator opacity

**>MAPS**
*Legacy*
- Added additional player spawns
- Fixed missing tree model

**>BALANCE**
*FAMAS*
- Now fires in Full Auto with 1100 RPM
- Increased vertical recoil to 110 (previously 80)
- Reduced damage to 27 (previously 31)

*Glock 18*
- Increased Burst RPM to 1200 (previously 900)
- Renamed to 'Glock 18' (previously 'Glock 17') as the weapon better fits this firearm IRL

**>QOL & BUG FIXES**
- Added Gravity font as a option in the HUD editor

- Increased the speed of hint text fly-by in the Main Menu

- Fixed 'User Interface' setting not disabling the HUD when toggled off

- Fixed ammo and weapon info potentially not showing up on the HUD when style is set to 'Numeric'

- Fixed potential errors due to KOTH/VIP HUD elements being initialized early

- Optimized HUD, Main Menu, and damage indicators

- Increased responsivness of KOTH/VIP HUD elements

- Removed Font Scale setting

- Removed most UI tooltips

- New end of match quotes from community members

Commit message:

Balance, HUD editor preview additions, bug fixes
f

PATCHNOTES.md, after:

**DISCLAIMER!!!**
- Default HUD settings now differ GREATLY as of this update, I recommend reverting to default through the HUD Editor, or at the very least, resetting all of your 'offset' settings due to the new HUD edge bound settings.

**>GAMEPLAY**
*NEW SETTINGS*
- HUD Edge Bounds X
- HUD Edge Bounds Y
- Damage Indicator toggle
- Damage Indicator color
- Damage indicator opacity

**>MAPS**
*Legacy*
- Added additional player spawns
- Fixed missing tree model

**>BALANCE**
*Dual Skorpions*
- Increased RPM to 2400 (previously 1800)

*FAMAS*
- Now fires in Full Auto with 1100 RPM
- Increased vertical recoil to 110 (previously 80)
- Reduced damage to 27 (previously 31)

*Glock 18*
- Increased Burst RPM to 1200 (previously 900)
- Renamed to 'Glock 18' (previously 'Glock 17') as the weapon better fits this firearm IRL

*Mac 10*
- Increased damage to 22 (previously 21)

*MTs255*
- Increased RPM to 190 (previously 130)

*Stevens 620*
- Increased rechambering speed by 50%

**>QOL & BUG FIXES**
- Added gamemode specific HUD elements to the HUD editor preview

- Added Gravity font as a option in the HUD editor

- Increased the speed of hint text fly-by in the Main Menu

- Cranked HUD element now is colored using the OBJ Contested color setting

- Fixed 'User Interface' setting not disabling the HUD when toggled off

- Fixed rounded edges on scoreboard

- Fixed HUD still rendering while in the Main Menu

- Fixed potential errors due to KOTH/VIP HUD elements being initialized early

- Optimized HUD, Main Menu, and damage indicators

- Increased responsivness of KOTH/VIP HUD elements

- Removed Font Scale setting

- Removed most UI tooltips

- New end of match quotes from community members
